mau

high

# Incorrect calculation of remaining Order in _fillBuyOrder()

## Summary
The incorrect calculation of the remaining order in the `_fillBuyOrder()`  function. 

## Vulnerability Detail

The statement `uint256 remainingOrder = orderState.remainingOrder - fillAmount;` in `_fillBuyOrder()` deducts the `fillAmount` from the `orderState.remainingOrder` variable. However, this calculation should have already been performed in the previous step within the `fillOrder()` function. 

As a result, the remaining order is calculated twice, leading to inaccurate values and potential issues with order fulfillment and fee calculations.

## Impact

This can lead to incorrect order fulfillment, causing users to receive fewer dShares than anticipated and potentially leading to financial losses and locked funds. Additionally, fee calculation inconsistencies may arise when the order is not fully filled, as the inaccurate remaining order calculation can result in incorrect fee distributions and financial discrepancies.

## Code Snippet

The following statement is presented twice in the above scenario.

` uint256 remainingOrder = orderState.remainingOrder - fillAmount;`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/4851cb7ebc86a7bc26b8d0d399a7dd7f9520f393/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/BuyOrderIssuer.sol#L169C9-L169C73

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/4851cb7ebc86a7bc26b8d0d399a7dd7f9520f393/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/OrderProcessor.sol#L290C73-L291C11

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the redundant calculation of the remaining order.
