p-tsanev

high

# OrderProcessor.sol#requestOrder() - potential DOS of the entire system, duo to a sandwich attack pattern.

## Summary
The Dinari protocol's requests made by the users aren't stored in an array or a mapping based on sender, recipient, etc. Instead it uses a deterministic id for a ``mapping(bytes32 => OrderState)``. It uses a user provided salt to generate a hash which acts as set id. This intended mechanism has a huge flaw and can potentially lead to a complete DOS of the protocol if enough gas is expended.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function ``requestOrder`` callable by the users calls the internal ``getOrderIdFromOrderRequest``, where it passes the salt and takes the hash of the encoding of the request and the salt. The problem arises due to the fact that the data inside of the OrderRequest that the user passes isn't unique. 
A malicious actor can monitor the mempool and reconstruct a request with the same parameters and the same salt in order to stop the victim from creating his request due to this 'safety' check:
``if (_orders[orderId].remainingOrder > 0) revert DuplicateOrder();``
He can then simply cancel the order immediately after, resulting in him expending only gas, since fees are paid when the order is filled, effectively sandwich attacking the victim. The same vector can be carried out by a bot for **every** user, rendering the protocol unusable. An example scenario would be:

Victim: sends a request
Attacker/Bot: frontruns the request with the same parameters and salt, reverts the victims tx
Attacker/Bot: backruns the victim by immediately cancelling the request before it's fulfilled

There is also the slight possibility of a hash collision with the current way the id is created, which recreates this malicious behavior accidentally.

## Impact
Users would not be able to use the protocol, and the protocol would not be receiving any funds in the form of fees.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/OrderProcessor.sol#L244-L264

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/OrderProcessor.sol#L205-L216

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Include a unique parameter in the id hash generation, like a simple ``msg.sender``, or include him as a parameter in the OrderRequest struct and set him when the function is called to avoid faking the sender.
P. S - I was wondering if this is a medium due to the gas cost, but since I find it hard to calculate I leave it to the judges. I give it high severity due to the huge impact on funds, users and protocol. 