dirk_y

high

# User can miss out on dividends

## Summary
According to the Dinari whitepaper, "when dividends are announced for the underlying security, token holdings are snapshot at the block corresponding to the announced distribution time". It is therefore possible that a user misses out on dividend payments if they have already submitted a sell order that hasn't been filled. Before the sell order is filled, the user technically still owns the underlying asset.

## Vulnerability Detail
Dinari dShares represent an existing publicly traded security. When a business has a profitable year, they have the option to issue dividend payments to share holders. Thus, the Dinari dShare holders should also be receiving a portion of these dividend payments.

As mentioned above, the dividend payment distributions are calculated by taking a snapshot of user dToken holdings at the announced distribution time. As a result, there exists a window where a user could have submitted a sell order but the order has not been filled yet (or has been partially filled). In traditionally markets, until the sell order is filled the asset still technically belongs to the user who has submitted the sell order and therefore are entitled to the same dividend rights as other holders.

The issue with the Dinari logic is that when requesting a sell order the dToken is escrowed from the user in `_requestOrderAccounting` in `SellOrderProcessor.sol`:

```solidity
        IERC20(orderRequest.assetToken).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), orderRequest.quantityIn);
```

At this point, according to a snapshot, the user would hold 0 of that dToken (assuming they wanted to sell their whole position), even though their sell order hasn't been filled yet. This might sound like an unlikely scenario, but if a user submits a sell order at an unreasonably high price, it is not unexpected that that order will sit unfulfilled for a significant period of time.

## Impact
A user can miss out on dividend distributions when they technically still own the underlying asset. This could be of significant value depending on the number of underlying shares held and the magnitude of the dividend payment. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/SellOrderProcessor.sol#L88

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
There should probably be another mapping added to `SellOrderProcessor.sol` that keeps track of assets up for sale. Something like:

```solidity
// assetAddr => userAddr => quantity
mapping(address => address => uint256) private _sellsRequested;
```

This could be used along with a set of view methods to complement the existing token holdings snapshot process. Of course, the relevant slot should be updated as sell orders are (partially) filled.

Alternatively this could be calculated off-chain based on information output from events. There are quite a few ways to accomplish the same result, but the key point is that the assets should still technically belong to the user (from a dividend accounting point of view) and there should be a way to easily snapshot this information.