ArmedGoose

medium

# Improper Buy order fee calculation causes the protocol to receive lower fees than expected

## Summary
When calculating a Buy order filling total fee using `getFeesForOrder()`, the percentage value is calculated based on input amount diminished by the flat fee. On the contrary, when calculating fees in Sell order filling, the percentage value is calculated off the whole order amount and added to the flat fee. So there is a clear discrepancy on the fee calculation which causes the Buy order to have fees calculated off lower base than they should.

## Vulnerability Detail
When filling a `Sell` order, the fees accounting is done as following:
- During order request, a flat fee is saved: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/SellOrderProcessor.sol#L68

- Then, [`_fillOrderAccounting` ](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/SellOrderProcessor.sol#L92-L112) in line 100 calculates a percentage fee off whole amount and adds it to existing flat fee. This way, `flat fee + (percentage fee * whole order amount)` is collected.

When filling a `Buy` order however, both fees are already calculated on order request as [`flat fee + percentage fee`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/BuyOrderIssuer.sol#L113-L114)

The problem is however, that `Buy` order uses function [getFeesForOrder](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/BuyOrderIssuer.sol#L57-L75)  which calculates the percentage fee incorrectly. Instead of calculating it off the whole amount and then adding the flat fee, it first subtracts flat fee from the whole amount and then counts the percentage fee off the remainder, then sum them only afterwards.

Said that, the amount lowered by that miscalculation will not be tremendously lower than expected and in normal circumstances should not cause the protocol fees to be lower by more than maximum few percents, so I'd rate it as medium due to high likelihood but rather low impact.


## Impact
On Buy orders, the protocol will receive smaller fees than expected, which will not cause any protocol level discrepancies but may bring less funds to the treasury than initially assumed from business point of view.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
    function getFeesForOrder(address token, uint256 inputValue)
        public
        view
        returns (uint256 flatFee, uint256 percentageFee)
    {
        // Check if fee contract is set
        if (address(orderFees) == address(0)) {
            return (0, 0);
        }

        // Calculate fees
        flatFee = orderFees.flatFeeForOrder(token);
        // If input value is greater than flat fee, calculate percentage fee on remaining value
        if (inputValue > flatFee) {
            percentageFee = orderFees.percentageFeeForValue(inputValue - flatFee); //@audit this should be deducted off whole amount
        } else {
            percentageFee = 0;
        }
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Calculate the percentage fee off the whole order amount and not the amount already diminished by other fees.
