shogoki

medium

# Malicious User can can create orders, which cannot be fulfilled and cause the operator to take loss

## Summary

An malicious user or attacker can create orders, which cannot be fulfilled or cancelled. This can cause the operator to take a loss. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Any user can request orders using the external `requestOrder` function. However, the `recipient` is freely settable and has not to be equal to the `msg.sender`.
Both the PaymentToken (USDC) as well as the assetToken have blacklists. This means an address can possibly be blacklisted on one or both of these tokens.
If a malicious user created an order with the recipient set to such an address, the operator will execute the trade with the broker offchain and go on to fulfill the order using the `fullfillOrder` function. 
In `fullfillOrder` the internal function `fillOrderAccounting` is called, which in turn calls `safeTransferFrom` to transfer the respective Tokens. 
However, as the recipient address is blacklisted the function call will revert, and the operator cannot fulfill the order. 
According to the sponsor, the operator will retry to fulfill the order several times, which will cost more gas. As this will still not work the operator will either automatically cancel, or manually intervein in the process. However as the operator already executed the offchain trade with the broker, he might have to take a loss out of this situation.
The cancelOrder function also returns the Tokens to the specified recipient, instead of the requester.
Therefore, if the recipient address is also blacklisted on the other Token, even the `cancelOrder` will not work and always rever, and the order will therefore be stuck inside the contract. 

## Impact

- Operators will have to take a loss
- orders might get stuck inside the protocol

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/OrderProcessor.sol#L305

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/SellOrderProcessor.sol#L120-L122

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/SellOrderProcessor.sol#L150

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/SellOrderProcessor.sol#L171


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- cancelOrder should return the funds to the requester instead of the recipient.
- when creating an order, the recipient should be checked to be not blacklisted
