0xyPhilic

medium

# Lack of anti-slippage measure exposes users

## Summary

Any user can `requestOrder` either to Buy or Sell an off-chain security asset by providing USDC. The `requestOrder` function accepts a struct `OrderRequest` in which the following information is provided by the user: recipient, assetToken, paymentToken, quantityIn, price. After the accounting is done which simply calculates the fees that the user is supposed to pay and substract them from the `quantityIn` the final Order is saved. Once the order is live a Keeper can pick up the order and either fill it fully or partially. Orders are executed in the order of their submissions as confirmed by the protocol team on Discord. To fill the order the Keeper needs to pass the order it is filling as well as the `fillAmount` and `receivedAmount`, where the `fillAmount` is the amount of USDC/USDT supplied as `quantityIn` and the `receivedAmount` is the amount of dShare representing the actual security purchase.

## Vulnerability Detail

The problem is that the `price` parameter passed by the user during order request is never used. The purpose of the `price` parameter is to act as an anti-slippage measure for the user in order to avoid getting his/hers order filled at unfavourable rate, however during the `fillOrder` there are no checks if the conditions set by the user are satisfied. This could lead to orders being executed at an undesirable price, thus causing loss of value for the users. Lets' imagine the following scenario:

Alice posts 900 USDC as `quantityIn` to buy TESLA stock which is currently traded at 300$, so Alice sets a price to buy at 320$ as example in order to leave some room until her order is executed. However there are many orders before Alice's so by the time it
s her orders turn the price of TESLA has skyrocketed to 500$. The Keeper would calculate that for 900 USDC they can buy 1.8 TESLA stocks, so the Keeper would call the `fillOrder` function with `fillAmount` = 900 (entirely filling the order) and `receiveAmount` = 1.8. The order fill would be executed and 1.8 dShares representing 1.8 TESLA stocks will be minted for Alice and the 900 USDC will be transferred out of the contract and to the Keeper. 

As we can see although Alice have set slippage by specifying a max_price per say at which she desires her order to still be executed, the condition is not taken into account and the order is executed at any arbitrary price. 

## Impact

Loss of value for users 

## Code Snippet

RequestOrder where `price` is specified: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/OrderProcessor.sol#L244-L264
FillOrder Accounting: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-dinari/blob/main/sbt-contracts/src/issuer/BuyOrderIssuer.sol#L146-L158

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Make sure to enforce that the `receivedAmount` during `fillOrder` corresponds to the expected `min_amount`, i.e. for the above example Alice would expect a minimum of 2.8125 TESLA stocks. If the `receivedAmount` is less than that the order fill should not happen - either postpone the fill of the order or if that would cause problems for the Keeper, best would be to directly `cancelOrder`.
